(Episode 24)
Bye.
Goodbye.
Do you want to come in for a moment?
No, I have a meeting tomorrow morning.
All right.
Sweet dreams.
All right. Goodnight.
Jin Jin, let's have breakfast.
Why are you up so early and putting on makeup already?
You don't need to know.
Don't I look stunning?
Hello, Lawyer Kang.
You're early, Lawyer Jang.
Mr. Kang.
About what I did yesterday, I...
Lawyer Jang, can I have...
the hit-and-run case files?
- Right now? - Yes, I need them urgently.
Okay.
Mr. Kang, yesterday, I...
I think I have a meeting today.
Enjoy your lunch.
This is so awkward.
Good morning, Ah Reum.
(Bombed Jung Woo Sung)
I'm here.
Did you sleep well?
What? Yes.
Did you have sweet dreams?
Yes.
Why does this feel so awkward?
Shall we listen to music?
- Sure. - Okay.
Ah Reum.
Here.
Thanks a lot.
My goodness.
You're the couple of the century.
Is it all that great?
Is there no pressure at all?
I like this the most. "Where the Wind Stops".
What's that about?
A couple of mummified remains unearthed after over 500 years.
The drama's about who they were.
- Who were they? - Princess Hyohye.
Two men fight for her love.
The first candidate...
is the eldest son of the powerful Minister of Justice.
The second candidate...
is her bodyguard who vowed to protect her with his life.
Which of those men joined...
the princess in the afterlife?
Is it about identifying a mummy's husband?
That's exactly it.
I hope it's the bodyguard.
Anyone can tell it's obviously the minister's son.
My love never changes.
- Who is it? - It's a secret.
I choose this. Call the production company.
- Where are you going? - On a date.
This was your wish.
I read your interview.
You know everything about me,
but I know nothing about you.
I waited for you here every day, so I tried everything on the menu.
I can guess blindfolded what each bread...
should feel like or what viscosity...
each dressing should be.
I was an unofficial taste tester whenever they had a new menu.
You said you'd never eat it again.
I got so sick of sandwiches,
- I promised never to eat one again. - With whom?
With myself.
My one exception was if I ate it with you.
Dreams come true.
I succeeded.
Me too.
I succeeded too.
You went shopping alone in the cold?
I'd have driven you back if you'd called.
What for when you're so busy?
The older we get, the more we should move about.
Were you out for long? It's very cold.
It's not too bad. I'll cook cod fish tonight.
Now that it's colder, my husband has been...
whining for cod soup.
I wonder how many of them he'll eat this year if he starts...
craving cod soup already.
I'll make some nice, refreshing soup.
- Go on home. - No, it's fine.
- Thanks. - Open the door.
Chopin was 19 years old...
when he first fell in love...
with a woman.
His first love was Konstancja Gladkowska,
and he wrote this for her.
Listening to this piece...
makes me feel the hot and fierce...
but innocent love a 19-year-old...
would feel for his first love.
It's something like...
us.
This is so uncomfortable.
Why are we eating pork belly?
It's our first date.
Shouldn't we eat at a romantic restaurant?
Cow, pig, chicken.
Remember just that.
My three favorite things.
Okay.
What about me, then?
You?
- I'll add you too. - You'll add me?
That sounds like you're adding something to the order.
- Are you okay? - It didn't splash.
- Do you want my apron? - It's fine.
It's covered in grime from other people's necks and hands...
It's okay.
Do you want another soup?
- That's fine. - What?
We're...
close.
Okay, so there's something I've never done in my life.
It's something I'd always wanted to do.
To feed someone.
People are watching.
Who cares? Isn't this what all couples do?
Open wide. It's fine. Go on.
Oh, no. Is it too hot?
- It's okay. - Sorry.
Hang on.
Hold still, okay, Ah Reum?
There's grease on your face.
I got it all.
Are you okay?
Yes, I'm okay.
Shall I have some soup?
I'm okay.
Is it my birthday today?
All my wishes came true.
Going out for drinks alone with you.
That was also on my wish list.
Quite high up.
What other wishes do you have?
It's a secret.
I'll tell you if they come true.
Being a celebrity helped me realize...
how hard it must've been for you.
People misunderstand you regardless of your intentions,
and your truth gets misconstrued.
However loud you shout, no one listens.
That's so upsetting and frustrating.
You must've felt like that so much.
That's when I thought...
it would be nice if I could hear you vent over a drink.
Just between us.
Can I listen to your secrets for you?
I'd love that.
It'll be boring.
There's nothing special.
Then between us two,
we'll tell each other everything honestly, okay?
Jin Jin.
Do you like someone?
Yes, I do.
I was going to tell you first.
He must be a good guy.
Actually...
I think we got really close.
I knew before you said it.
- "We Got Married"... - About that.
Let's quit.
Let's...
quit the show.
But it's not just about us.
We both have agencies, and we must think of the show.
We can't quit right away.
It won't be easy for you,
but let's do our best...
until we drop out.
[VIU Ver] E24 20th Century Boy & Girl "I Know Nothing about You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Your eyes are failing, aren't they?
See a doctor.
I will, I will.
Don't say a word to Jin Jin.
It won't be easy for you,
but let's do our best...
until we drop out.
Jin Jin.
- What? - Aren't you hungry?
I am.
A mom packed her son a block of white rice cake.
He ate pieces of it during class when his teacher saw him.
He pretended it was an eraser.
That was lame.
- I made you laugh. - It wasn't funny.
- You laughed. - I was dumbfounded.
A kid wanted to leave school by pretending to be sick,
so he warmed his ear with a hair dryer.
The school nurse took his temperature,
and it was over 80°C.
See, it's funny.
Eat your food.
This kid kept on pretending her friend's jokes weren't funny.
So the kid's friend...
kept on telling...
Okay, okay. Let's eat.
It's good.
Aren't you hungry?
Shall I steam some sweet potatoes?
Mom.
Wash the cups properly.
We plan to use...
Sa Jin Jin at the forefront of our global marketing campaign.
Come up with some nice concepts that suit the needs of each market.
Yes, sir.
The main poster will accentuate Ms. Sa's elegant and...
feminine image to promote our mineral hot spring.
Thank you.
Sir, wait.
Sir.
- I'm leaving early today. - Is something wrong?
Yes.
I'm bothering a very busy man.
What a nuisance I am.
I don't need to go.
Nothing bad comes from seeing a doctor often.
Especially when you're older.
Consider the doctor a good friend,
and call and visit him or her as often as you can.
The older we get, the more things need fixing.
I notice myself slouching, and my brain isn't as nimble.
Even my eyes are dim.
Don't worry too much. The doctor will run some tests.
How are you so thoughtful and kind?
Kwang Hee won't need a daughter.
My sister's really pretty.
Nice.
What's this?
Jeong Eun, this is bad. What should we do?
- Chul Min. - Hi.
This is unbelievable.
So...
I should tell you,
but then...
I'm not sure if I should tell you.
Is something wrong?
Did you know about Jin Jin and Ji Won?
What are they both thinking?
I feel so betrayed.
Jin Jin's cruel, but what was Ji Won thinking?
How could he?
- How'd you find out? - I saw a photo.
I'm so flabbergasted I can't speak.
That's enough.
Do you...
want to see it?
They'll print it tomorrow.
Put your chin and forehead on the machine.
I'll shoot a little bit of air.
Do you see the red dot?
Can you look into it?
And the left side too.
Ma'am, take a look at this.
You don't see a lot of red on this side,
but you see a lot of red on this one.
If you see a lot of red,
it means your optic nerves are damaged.
What? Does this mean there is a problem?
You're suffering from glaucoma.
It must've been frustrating not to be able to see well.
Yes.
It was a bit frustrating,
but I figured it was due to aging.
Most people don't see any symptoms...
in the beginning stages of glaucoma.
They begin to feel uncomfortable when their vision narrows.
It's the same with your case.
The surrounding optic nerves have already been damaged.
And the nerves in the center are in the process of getting damaged.
So what can she do?
It's difficult to resuscitate the nerves that are damaged.
For now, all she can do is take preventative measures...
to stop the center nerves from getting damaged.
But the damaging process is getting faster and faster.
Once it reaches the center, she might lose her vision entirely.
She should begin the treatment immediately.
- Ji Won. - Yes?
I'll tell my family.
Okay. Don't worry.
You can take medicine, get laser treatments, or surgery.
We can try many things, so it'll be all right.
If it hadn't been for you,
I would've sat around with a pair of reading glasses.
The doctor said I could've lost my vision altogether.
You'll get treated.
Sure.
The wind is cold,
but the sky is so bright.
This is huge.
It'll make the headlines right away.
I'll post it online at 7am, the commuting hour. Sure.
What do you want?
I said, what do you want?
Who is it? Who told you about this?
How did you find out?
Let's talk outside.
Anthony, I feel really bad for you too.
I thought your career would take off thanks to Jin Jin.
What kind of a soap opera is this?
Anyway, you really had no idea, did you?
Reporter Jeong.
Are you sure you kept it a secret because of "We Got Married"?
It must feel like he took your wife away.
You're a victim. I understand that you're angry.
I understand why you came here.
But so what? What do you want me to do?
Please, I ask of you.
Goodness, Ji Won. I'm causing you trouble...
all day long.
It's not troublesome.
Let's eat some noodles for dinner tonight.
Okay, sounds great.
Hello?
Ho Sung.
Why didn't you call last month?
Do you know how worried I was?
It's winter, so your bronchial tubes must be giving you a tough time.
Goodness, my daughter.
Make sure you have some bellflower root tea.
And don't eat anything too cold.
Ho Sung.
Where are you?
There is not a day...
when I don't think about you.
Ho Sung, don't you miss me?
I went to see a doctor today,
and the doctor said...
I'm rather ill.
He said...
I might not be able to see you anymore.
That's not good.
That really isn't good.
I really want to see you, my daughter.
Ho Sung.
What if we can never see each other again?
Let's make sure we meet...
before that happens.
What are you doing here? Come in.